unmanaged resources (at least for standard .NET BCL classes such as streams, readers/writers, ...). 
The term "unmanaged resource" is usually used to describe something not directly under the control of the garbage collector. 
For example, if you open a connection to a database server this will use resources on the server (for maintaining the connection) 
and possibly other non-.net resources on the client machine, if the provider isn't written entirely in managed code.

This is why, for something like a database connection, it's recommended you write your code thusly:

using (var connection = new SqlConnection("connection_string_here"))
{
    // Code to use connection here
}
As this ensures that .Dispose() is called on the connection object, ensuring that any unmanaged resources are cleaned up.

I think of the terms "managed" and "unmanaged" this way:

"Managed" refers to anything within the .NET sandbox. This includes all .NET Framework classes.

"Unmanaged" refers to the wilderness outside the .NET sandbox. 
This includes anything that is returned to you through calls to Win32 API functions.

If you never call a Win32 API function and never get back any Win32 "handle" objects, 
then you are not holding any unmanaged resources. 
Files and streams that you open via .NET Framework class methods are all managed wrappers.

NOOOOO!!!!!!!!

Comment: You may not be holding an unmanaged resource directly.
 However, you may be holding an unmanaged resource indirectly via a managed "wrapper class" such as System.IO.FileStream.
 Such a wrapper class commonly implements IDisposable (either directly or via inheritance).

 Il tipo più comune di risorsa non gestita è rappresentato dagli oggetti che eseguono il wrapping di risorse del sistema operativo, quali file, finestre, connessioni di rete
 o connessioni di database. 
Benché il Garbage Collector sia in grado di tenere traccia della durata di un oggetto in cui è incapsulata una risorsa non gestita, 
non dispone di dati sufficienti per effettuare il rilascio e la pulizia della risorsa non gestita.